- What is RPA and how does it work?
Welcome to this very first section of this course, where we'll cover RPA - what it is and how it works,
why now,
the pros and cons of the technology, what vendors are out there, and where we'll do a little RPA case study
At the end of this section,
you'll be able to explain what Robotic Process Automation is,
explain how it works, why it's such a hot topic right now and what the pros and cons of the technology are;
so that you confidently can discuss RPA in an enterprise setting or at a job interview.
And since this is the first section of the course, I'll also quickly mention what we'll cover in later sections
- so that you know what's coming.
When we finish the section on what RPA is and how it works,
we'll continue with the section "Build your first robot", where we will cover the UiPath platform.
how to install UiPath Studio,
we will get to know the UiPath Studio user interface, and we'll of course build a simple robot.
Then we'll have a section on how to pilot RPA in your enterprise.
Here we'll have a look at a five step basic plan for piloting and implementing RPA.
We will have a look at how we can create an RPA Center of Excellence,
we will look at some critical success factors for an RPA initiative and we will have more examples of
how RPA has been applied in the real world,
Before we wrap-it all up with a short section on further learning and what you can do next to improve
your RPA skills, whether you're an aspiring RPA developer or RPA project manager.
But first - What is RPA and how does it work?